 # 1.6.2 Change Logs

- Mission `27` is now a side mission.
- Fixed Gold Shop's Premium Pass description about deconstruction perk return percent.
- `Tanker`:`Rebar Slam` now scales damage with distance from impact.
- `Tanker`:`Rebar Tornado (Hard)` now slows instead of knock back.
- Npcs are now no longer blocked by `Tanker`'s `Rebar Fence`.
>
- Fixed teleporting when `Chained`.
- Tweaked `The Prisoner`, `Tanker` health scaling per level.
- `Boss` lobbies are now affect by level scaling. It will now use the highest level player's focus level as boss level.
- Updated `Tanker` Behavior.
    - `Tanker` doesn't have a basic attack. He will just follow you.
    - `Tanker` Rebar Slam: Slams the rebar on to the ground, doing 45(Hard: 200) damage knocking away nearby players and creates a wall of rebars. Blocking off a path. 
    - `Tanker` Rebar Tornado: Tanker spins the concrete rebar and moves faster. Doing 5(Hard: 10) damage per 0.5s.
- Enabled Hard Mode for `Boss: Tanker`;
>
- Added new melee `tankerrebar`.
- Updated `Tanker` appearance.
- Updated all `Robert`'s movement code to new movement system.
- Rewrote `Infector Robert` behavior tree.
- Enabled Hard Mode to `Coop: Genesis`.
>
- Polished `tirearmor` texture and added LowerTorso clothing piece.
- Added `tirearmorred` for `tirearmor`'s first unlockable.
- Added `ggenesiscraate` Icon.
- Added `ggenesiscrate` to Genesis Lobby Hud drop rewards.
- Added **Daniil**'s new `m9legacy` animations.
- Removed explosion damage from `Genesis` airstrike.
- Removed all old uses of bindToggleGameBlinds.
- `Coop: Genesis` now spawns in other bosses if there's no player in the lobby with mission 56 active.
- Fixed certain interactable syncing issues.
- `/tppos` now ignores commas in the vector3 position.
- `ChainedAnchor` can now move around.
- `TireArmor` now shows passive on hud when melee is equipped.
- Fixed clothing statuses not showing up.
- Fixed `Tendrils` missing range check.
>
- `residentialGift` now spawns inside the wooden shack.
>
- Added **Daniil**'s new `arelshiftcross` animations.
- Redistributed the level requirements for different drop tables. [details](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1US9AP_SZCdBuXudQKh7k-9SlsHIlBEZ1cKJC3mh69tQ/edit#gid=0)
- Added new drop table `residentialGift`.
>
- Fixed `Coop: Genesis` zombie spawn aggression level.
>
- Added `tirearmor` passive. When equipping a melee, zombie basic attacks has a `60%` chance to deduct 20 damage from the full damage. Final damage is capped at 1. 
>
- New item `tirearmor`. Added item, icon and model.
>
- Fixed `gastankied` led timer display.
>
- Fixed `engineersplanner` interactable tooltip to update when pointing at another plan.
- Fixed destroyed barbed fences not breaking apart and despawning visual model after 60s.
>
- Fixed `Zricera`'s fire barrage not doing damage on impact.
- Improved boss lobby ready lights. 
>
- Improved `CrouchWalk`, `WoundIdle` and `WoundCrawl` animation smoothness.
>
- Fixed `arelshiftcross`'s ropes not visible in first person mode.
- Fixed status: `Chained` not expiring when anchor is destroyed.
>
- Increased `arrow` & `boltarrow`'s KillForce to 1000units.
>
- Fixed `tacticalbow` rope visibility in first person.
- Fixed `tacticalbow` reload/load animation when holding down `KeyFocus`.
>
- Tweaked `The Prisoner` difficulty balance.
>
- Added **Daniil**'s new `tacticalbow` animations.
>
- Updated `The Prisoner` behavior.
    - No longer spawns jail cells, instead, you are chained to an anchor when attacked by the prisoner. The anchors can be destroyed to break free of the chains.
    - `The Prisoner` can sprint for 1.5s every 6s.
    - `The Prisoner` equips a `survivalknife` when it's `< 50%` health.
>
- Updated `The Prisoner` visuals.
>
- `at4` updated with Daniil's new animations.
>
- Planner now checks if the space is already occupied by a structure when building a plan.
>
- Unlocking a structure on the planner now gives a charge to begin with.
- Planner plans now shows if you have enough resources to build the placed plans.
- Rewritten backend code for building, skipping and canceling blueprints/builds.
>
- Fixed completed board missions showing the abort button. 
- Fixed board missions counting completed board missions when checking for max available to restock.
- Dev branch restocking board mission timer now 10s and live branch is still 3600s.
>
- Mission **A Good Deal** `16` now *"I might have some interesting items to offer for more of your work."*
>
- Readded `Zombie` flinch animations.
>
- Fixed Npc weapon animations not using markers.
>
- Fixed Npc fingers not matching hand's color and transparency.
- Fixed `Survivor Npcs` would shoot other survivors npcs during mission cutscenes.
- Fixed `Heavy` and `Zombies` network ownership when throwing `Zombies`.
>
- `Heavy` attack speed reduced from 2 to 2.5s.
- Fixed Zombies not using the correct damage calculations.
- Added a **Barbed Wooden Fence** in **Raid: Office** to introduce the use of barb fences.
>
- Added **Grenade Launcher** reload and chamber sounds.
>
- Added **Daniil**'s new **Grenade Launcher** model & animations.
- Rewrite blinds screen.
- Refreshed selected missions on **Missions Menu**.
- Improved mission **Awoken The Bear (33)** cutscene.
>
- Fixed npc weapon animations for `tec9`, `deagle`, `xm1014`, `mariner590`, `dualp250`, `fnfal`.
- `Zombie` AttackDamage is now: `5 + (level/2)`;
- Fixed `Stan` equipping `czevo3` animations.
---
- `deagleparts` source updated to Obtained from **Board Missions**.
- `deagleparts` now obtainable from mission `17`, `26` and `71`.
- **Board Mission** can now drop item rewards and state reward items.
