# 2.1.* Change Logs

---

- Added `mpbook`. A consumable that give you a level to your mission pass.
    - This will drop during the mission pass from normal gameplay.
    - `mpbook` will expire and dispapear from your inventory after 24 hours of obtaining them.
> 2.1.0.5

- Added mission pass gift shop. Mission pass rewards can be traded in for gift shop tokens directly from missions pass menu or rat shop.
    - Directly trading in mission pass rewards generally yields more tokens compared to exchanging in the rat shop.
- [devbranch] Replaced old mission pass commands to a unified command `/missionpass`. 
- Factions leaderboard now categorize into Weekly, Monthly and Seasonly, instead of Daily and Weekly only.
> 2.1.0.4

- Added hold button to skip board missions.
- Fixed a bug where attempting to enter tombs lobby would kick you out. [[#245](https://github.com/HelixNebulaStudio/RiseOfTheDead/issues/245)]
- Added **Daniil**'s updated `annihilationsoda` and `sandwich` animations.
> 2.1.0.3

- Added a free skinning charge for every item unlockables you had unlocked which you can use on any items that had no unlock the skin. [[read more](https://github.com/HelixNebulaStudio/RiseOfTheDead/discussions/260#discussioncomment-9313722)]
    - This is for if you do not have a piece of clothing in your storages for the update.
    - Any existing clothing in your storages will have all your unlockables unlocked on the item.
- Added chest clothing, `apron`.
> 2.1.0.2

- All existing item unlockables are now skin permanents. All the item unlockables you have unlocked are now tied to each clothing item independently.
    - Item tool tip will show all the unlocked skins on the item under "Skins:".
- Fixed `colorcustom` storage space check assumes there is available space because it didn't match the color data. [[#256](https://github.com/HelixNebulaStudio/RiseOfTheDead/issues/256)]
> 2.1.0.1

- `divinggoggleswhite` and `leatherglovesultraviolet` are now a skin permanent instead of a item unlockable.
- Skin Permanents can now stack up to 5.
>   2.1.0.0

- Added `Scavenge Custom Colors` task to `Lydia`.
    - Scavenge for a Custom Color unlockable of your choosing.
    - You are required to pick a color before starting the task.
    - The task requires you to have completed mission 78.
- Finished implemented `NpcTaskData` class.
    - This contains active npc task data for players.
    - Task will take time to complete, you can pay to skip the waiting time.
    - Only one of the same task can be active at a time.
    - Assign task by opening `Safehome` window > survivors > inspect > assign task.
- Fixed clients with low framerates have issues interacting with dynamic platforms such as monorail and railways train. ([#268](https://github.com/HelixNebulaStudio/RiseOfTheDead/issues/268))
- `Raid: Factory` changes: Reduced `HordeCycle` from 30 to 20s and increase `EnemyCap` from 15 to 25.
> 2.0.7.28

- Reduced max weapon experience required for level 20 from 4300 to 4000.
> 2.0.7.27

- Fixed `Tanker` not doing damage when spinning and buffed damage and range in hard mode.
- Fixed syncing missing data for pick up. [[#252](https://github.com/HelixNebulaStudio/RiseOfTheDead/issues/252)]
> 2.0.7.26

- Fixed ItemButton Icon Overlays. [[#250](https://github.com/HelixNebulaStudio/RiseOfTheDead/issues/250)]
- Added new window `NpcWindow`.
    - Accessible via the safehome menu > survivors > inspect.
    - This is where you'll access npc's storage and tasks.
    - Task system will allow you to assign your safehome NPC a task. (WIP) You will be able to assign Lydia a scavenging task to find a `customcolor` of your choice.
- Added npc storage system where you can give npcs items and equipments.
    - They each have 5 equipment slots: Primary weapon, Secondary Weapon, Melee, Clothing and Misc.
    - Currently you can give your safehome npcs a weapon and they will equip it.
    - Lydia in `The Killer Hues` will use this new system.
- Added new Mission Pass: 5 Years Anniversage `bp5years` with a bunch of rewards.
    - Mission pass will cost 1'000 Gold. Premium discount is gone, but you'll be able to earn more Gold than the cost of the mission pass if you complete it.
> 2.0.7.25

- Addded `dufflebagfancy`, `survivorsbackpackstreetart` skin permanents.
- Added tier colors to board mission cards.
- Added `skinfancy` skin pack.
> 2.0.7.24

- Fixed DamageTag's tagging for registering player kill. [[#244](https://github.com/HelixNebulaStudio/RiseOfTheDead/issues/244)]
> 2.0.7.23

- Added `highvisjacketsuits`, `nekrostrenchblue`, `nekrostrenchgreen`, `fedorauvunwrapped` item unlockable.
- Added `maraudersmaskrisingsun` item unlockable.
- Added `militarybootsgold` item unlockable.
> 2.0.7.22

- New Side Mission, `The Killer Hues` from `Lydia`.
    - Lydia wants to shoot some zombies but she doesn't have a gun.
    - Reaching npc level 5 on Lydia now unlocks mission 78.
- Rewrote entire `Tagging` system to `DamageTag` system.
- Added `colorcustom` and a custom color customization section in appearance menu for unlocked custom colors.
> 2.0.7.21

- Fixed dialgoue with timers not updating the count down.
> 2.0.7.20

- Added `tirearmorgoldplating` item unlockable.
- Added `deaglecryogenics` and `flamethrowerblaze` item permanents.
- Explosive weapons now do damage to each entity destructible independently. E.g. Bandit Helicopter's individual destructible parts will take splash damage from a single `at4` rocket. 
- Added `divingsuitwhite`, `divingfinswhite`, `divinggoggleswhite` item unlockables.
> 2.0.7.19

- Fixed softlock for Vindictive Treasure 1. Leave Zricera arena again should now re-teleport you to the cutscene arena where you can push the statue. [[#212](https://github.com/HelixNebulaStudio/RiseOfTheDead/issues/212)]
- Added HardMode Fumes with reward drops.
- Updated `Fumes` behavior and functionality.
    - When Fumes is within 100 units. He spawns a giant fumes cloud.
    - Your vision is limited within this fumes cloud.
    - You will take 6 (HardMode: 30) health damage per 0.5s without any protection.
        - Clothing with `Gas Protection` will reduce this damage.
    - If the target player is outside a 200 unit range, Fumes will move towards you.
    - In hard mode, the fumes cloud is 100 units radius compared to 70 units normal.
    - Fumes will also wander around inside the fumes cloud, ThreatSense and WeakPoint are disabled on Fumes.
- Added repair cost, these are currently the only items that can be broken.
    - `disguisekit`: $200
    - `divinggoggles`: $400
    - `gasmask`: $1000
    - `hazmathood`: $1000
- Added item repair mechanics to shop. Join like refilling ammo, you exchange money to repair your items.
- Added Health and MaxHealth properties to clothing. If a clothing's Health is `<= 0`, the clothing is disabled.
- Replaced `labcoatbp` with `labcoat` from `hectorshot` droptable.
- Changed `labcoat` description to:
    - Protects you from unwanted chemicals and gases. <b>Passive:</b> If <b>Gas Protection</b> exist from other wearables, Lab Coat will grant you an additional 30% Gas Protection.
- Added `gasmasksovietfumes` and `gasmaskfumes`. Item unlockable for `gasmask`. Unlocking `gasmasksovietfumes` unlocks `gasmaskfumes`.
- WanderingTrader's daily trades will now updated at a random hour between 0000 to 2300 instead of 0000.
- Fixed `enginersplanner` equipping issue. [[#224](https://github.com/HelixNebulaStudio/RiseOfTheDead/issues/224)]
- Fixed FlinchProtection stacking. [[#219](https://github.com/HelixNebulaStudio/RiseOfTheDead/issues/219)]
> 2.0.7.18

- Updated `Fumes` model.
