# 2.3.x Change Logs
---

- Status effect, FoodHeal, now stacks heal rate and duration deminishingly by 1/StackSize.
- Fixed a bug where limb joints were not destroyed when enemy dies.
- Rewrote all tool and clothing system to use `EquipmentClass`.
    - An `EquipmentClass` encapsulates all necessary data for handling the equipment's stats and mechanics for handling calculations of equipment stats when equipping and unequipping to when using/wearing the equipment. 
    - Now that they are all EquipmentClasses, clothing stats can intermix with weapon stats, enabling the mechanic to have clothing stats that applies to equipped tools and vice versa.
- Rewrote all item modding mechanics to use `ItemModifiers`.
    - An `ItemModifier` encapsulates all information and functionalities of a item modification such as item mods or special attributes such as a `Damage` mod or a `BulletRicochet` modifier.
    - Now all `EquipmentClass` can have any `ItemModifier` attached and applies stats and mechanics to the player/tool, it will still depends on if the modifier if it has an implementation for the specific EquipmentClass's class type.
    - `ItemModifier` can also be sourced from status effects e.g. `annihilationsoda` providing `CritBoost` status effect, which adds a `CriticalShot` modifier to the player. This modifier adds 10% crit chance to any equipped weapon. The old system requires every weapon to check for the `annihilationsoda` status and adds a crit chance, which was coupling code and was not ideal.
    - Now each `EquipmentClass` checks all the active modifiers to see what functions needs to be calculated and called. E.g. `CriticalShot` has a `OnNewDamageSource` function, so when a weapon does damage, if a `CriticalShot` modifier is active (from `annihilationsoda` or a weapon `sr308` with built-in `CriticalShot`), it will be expecting a crit damage proc on top of the processing Damage. This system is more standardized and decoupled as the crit damage mechanics is insolated. 
- Added new testing commands to debug if equipment and item modifiers activate and deactivate properly.
    - `/equipment listactiveequipments` List active equipments including tools being equipped and clothing being worn.
    - `/equipment listactivemodifiers` List active item modifiers such as mods attached to the equipped tool or clothing or base clothing modifiers from passives.


> 2.3.0.0