## Revived 3.0 Update

# Welcome to 3.0!

### Highlights
- New Tier 5 Submachine gun, **Dual Uzi** :dualuzi: 

### New
- Added new shoes, **Greaves and Sabatons**. With passive, **Chivalrous Kick**, Sliding into enemys knocks the away.
- New survival map, **Swamplands**. A swampy lake cabin with omnious remnants of the gathering place for a suspicious group.
- NPCs now have **voices audio** generated by TextToSpeech for their dialogue bubbles. Can be turned off in audio settings.
- New Tier 5 Submachine gun, **Dual Uzi**. With a built-in **Propeller Stock** that propels you forward.
- New **Emote Wheel**, now used for social gameplay. Emoting, sound quips, spray tags, emoji bubbles. Default Key is **C**.
- Equiped storaged such as **Duffle Bag now opens with your inventory**.
- Added new debuff, **RedCrowToxin**. 
- Bullet can now pierce destructibles, causing **collateral damage**, meaning shooting dense part of a destructible will cause it to take multiple instance of damage.
- New **melee sounds** for slice, punture and impact.
- New HMG modifier, **Point-Guard Bulwark**. 
	- Additional **Armor Points** build up while in focus at the reduction of your **Focus Movespeed**.
- Added Aim Assistance for mobile/controller players.
- New Blunt melee stat, Damage Block. Blocks a flat damage when equipped.
	- Spiked Bat: 10, Sledgehammer: 5, Shovel: 5, NaughtyCane: 25
- New Chest mod, **Damage Divider**.
	- When armor is > 0, damage taken is divided into health and armor damage multiplied by a reduction.
- New core mission, **Buyer's Remorse**, from Joseph.
	- Frustrated with the missing deliveries from the Rats, Joseph has decided to take matters into his own hands.
- New areas:
	- **Water Treatment** in the North side of Residentials.
	- **RAT's basement** under the Harbor Safehouse.
- Survival **Wave Pass**. Overhauled survival rewards.
	- You are given 3 reward options every 5 waves.
	- You can pick a reward you want and choose to continue or end the run to claim your rewards.
	- Continuing the run will risk your loot pool for better rewards.
	- For Hard Mode, reward option prompts only if the wave has a designated reward.
- New **Squad Hud**, now shows on the top right of your screen.
	- Squad and teammates now also appear on your map.
- New Authority skill, **Seeing Red**.
	- Killing enemies enhances your vision in the dark for a duration.
- 

### Changes
- Mastery window now shows all weapons even at level 0.
- All gun mods now provides damage increase based on the mod tier.
- All equipments, guns, clothing now uses a new modifier system for stats, passive and active modifications.
- Added modifiers breakdown in item stats window on workbench.
- Crouching now reduces player visibility to Human Npcs.
- Food status now show heal rate.
- Reworked Corrosive, Zpider and Shadow bosses character model and behavior trees.
- Reworked Zomborg abilities and updated character model.
- The Billies updated.
	- Karl now places explosive barrels around.
	- Kylde now uses a grenade launcher.
- Boss health bars are now visible to lobby spectators.
- Warehouse Survivors now roam around the safehouse. Mason, Stephanie, Russell will now interact with stuff in the warehouse.
- Sundays Survivors now also roam around the safehouse.
- Redesigned Bandit Behavior Tree. They now communicate with each other and use med kits when injuried.
- Bandits now have a limited angle of vision, sneaking behind them is now a feature.
- Inventory shift+clicking an item that was recently shift moved now moves it back to its previous slot.
- Item drops are refreshed to use a physical model and can be moved around.
- Rewritten all Npcs behavior tree to new behavior tree system.
- Zombies are no longer aware if players are behind them, unless alerted by sound.
- Improved hot key clarity.
- Throwables will now land where you aim.
- New TaskHud now replacing old mission hud.
- Desert Eagle now has 2 Piercing from 0.
- Improved 3rd Person camera aim.
- Improved dialogue clarity by seperating dialogues from other missions into their own sub category.
- Character stats now show up when you mouse over Clothing label in your inventory.
- Clicking the Armor Label now opens character stats.
- Some Npcs such as Greg now has a routine system that they follow based on the in-game time of day.
- Expanded ZScript API for map interactable scripting.
- Terminal ZSCode now has luau script liniting.
- Railways Raid reworked, you now have unique objectives in each checkpoint.
	- Train is now destructible and attracts Zombies.
- Bandit Helicopter now yell taunts at you through a megaphone.
- New gun stat, Fire Alert Range. The range in which the shot sound alerts enemies.
- Spitters from Elder Vexeron are now a dedicated Npc, Vex Spitter.
	- They now spawn inside the Sunken Ship.
- Adjusted skill grid order in skill tree window.
- Sunken Ship and Abandoned Bunker objectives now uses the regional missions system.