## Revived 2.0 Update

## **2.0**

Rise of the Dead: Revived's 5 Years Anniversary Update!

### Changes

- New side mission, **Medical Breakthrough**. Rachel has an epiphany about Stan and the possibility of his blood.
  - New mission items, Blood Sample, Sample Report.
  - Unlocks board mission, **Ziphoning Serum**.
- New board mission, **Ziphoning Serum**. Rachel requires some items to create some Ziphoning Serum.
  - Reward: +10 Perks
- New food, **Ziphoning Serum**. Cleanse cleansable debuffs and gives you the Ziphoning buff for 3 minutes.
  - The Ziphoning buff gives you health per second based on the ziphon health pool, the ziphon health pool only fills up when you do damage to enemies.
- ‌
- New Chest mod, **Nekrosis Amplifier**.
  - Increase **Nekrosis Heal** by a percentage. By 10% to 100%
  - New clothing, Nekrosis Heal. Currently only on Nekros Trench Coat.
- ‌
- New Chest mod, **Mending**.
  - For every kill, reduce **Armor Break** duration by time. By 0.1 to 1s.
-
- Themed Mods, **Pacifists & Warmongers**.
- New Chest mod, **Pacifist's Amulet**.
  - When equipping healing or food items, you gain temporary armor rate and armor points.
  - By 0 to 100 Armor Points, 0 to 10 Armor Rate.
  - Dropped from Mothena.
  - Does not stack with Armor Mods and Pacifists & Warmongers Mods.
- ‌
- New Chest mod, **Warmonger's Scales**.
  - For every percent damaged, temporary increases max health. Heals only if health pool was newly increased.
  - By 0 to 10 Health per Kill, 0 to 100 Max Health
  - Dropped from Bandits Outpost Raid.
  - Does not stack with Health Mods and Pacifists & Warmongers Mods.
- ‌
- New Synergy Skill, **Meet the Medic**.
  - When you heal someone else, you also heal by (60-110)%.
- ‌
- ‌
- New Utility Wear, **Portable Auto Turret**.
  - A wearable portable auto turret designed by the Mysterious Engineer. Requires batteries to run. Configure to equipped your weapon onto the arm and fine tune the P.A.T. to how you want it to function, but due to it's crude nature, the arm's aim accuracy can be underwhelming and reload times are 3x as slow.
  - New KeyBind Setting: Toggle Portable Auto Turret. Default to none.
- ‌
- New Tool, **Engineer's Planner**.
  - Used to quickly build structures. Unlock structure plans with their respective blueprints to place plans. Interact with the plans to build with the required resources.
- ‌
- New structure, **Tick Snare Trap**.
  - A snare trap that leashes a Tick that runs over it. Killing the leashed Tick resets the trap. It can leash up the 5 times.
- ‌
- Deployables no longer expire by losing health in non-public worlds.
- ‌
- New Synergy Skill, **Resource Gatherers**.
  - When a squad mate picks up an item, they will also help you pick up the item and this goes into cooldown for (5-1))seconds.
- ‌
- New Authority Skill, **Machine Aim Stablizer**.
  - Increase devices such as the Portable Auto Turret aim stability by (5-30)%.
- ‌
- New Endurance Skill, **Energy Conservationer**.
  - Reduce battery power drain cost (10-85)%.
- ‌
- ‌
- New map item, **Abandoned Bunker Map**.
  - Dropped from the Abandoned Bunker Crate. You receive a map with a random seed from 1-9999.
- ‌
- **Mod tiers incompatibility** are now inverted, higher tier weapons will not be able to make full use of lower tier mods.
  - Zombies max health are rebalanced to compensate the damage differences.
- ‌
- All Head Wear now has a random seed (1-999) which gives it a **Flinch Protection** from (1-99%).
  - Taking damage now causes the camera to flinch.
  - New workbench stat. **Flinch Protection**. Reduces the camera flinch when taking damage.
- New Head Mod, **Flinch Cushioning**.
  - Adds Flinch Protection from (5-50)%.
- ‌
- Improved Missions Menu with a missions map that shows the order of core, side and premium missions.
- ‌
- New board mission, **Breach by the Dead**. Help defend a safehouse from a breach.
  - Rewards: **+25 Perks**
  - During a breach event, support fighting and repairing against the breach will complete this mission.
  - Community safehome is more commonly breached than warehouse safehome.
- New faction mission, **Deadly Zeniths Strike**. A zenith tier boss is approaching your faction headquarters. Call up your faction members to take down the boss together.
  - Requires **4 successful agents** to complete.
  - Rewards: **+30% Food**, **+30% Material**, **+10 Score**.
  - Zenith bosses has a small chance of dropping a **Zenith container**.
- ‌
- ‌
- Added new **Directional Damage Indicator** hud. You will now see the scale of damage and direction you took damage from. You can disable this feature in the Visuals>Interface settings.
- ‌
- ‌
- New instrument and melee, **Keytar**. A playable keyboard guitar while also being a melee weapon, also known as keytar instrument. Can play premade tunes or with keyboard/touch buttons.
- ‌
- ‌
- All explosives are now uses a new system. Explosions now do damage on separate layers of splash. The enemies layer and then the destructible layer.
  - So if your explosion does 100 damage and you hit 4 zombies and 2 crates.
  - The first layer will take 25 damage each per zombies.
  - The second layer will take 50 damage each per crate.
- Explosion Stun trigger threshold decreased from 40% to 23% max health. This means if the explosion damage does more than 23% max health as damage to an enemy, they will be affected by Explosion Stun.
- Gas Tank IED changes:
  - Building cost now doubled. It also now does 24% Max Health as damage and has a Explosion Stun of 10s.
  - Now costs 2 Igniters instead of 2 Circuit Boards.
- ‌
- ‌
- Remarkable Resilience regeneration rate decreased from 10 to 4 per second.
- ‌
- ‌
- Throwable Melee's minimum damage now increased from 50% damage to 150% throw damage.
- ‌
- ‌
- Renamed Winterfest to Frostivus to be more distinct.
- ‌
- ‌
- Faction missions now shows cost, success criteria and rewards.
- Faction member profiles now shows their successful missions and score contributions.
- ‌
- ‌
- Item Codex’s Mod category now separated by Mod type.
- Added Deployables category to Item Codex.
- ‌
- ‌
- Increased crates trading tax from 10 to 20 Gold.
- ‌
- New clothing stat, **Bullet Protection**. Reduces damage taken from enemy hit scan projectiles.
- ‌
- ‌
- Nekros Trench changes:
  - Now has 4s Tick Repellent.
  - Base Armor Points reduced from 20 to 10.
- ‌
- Plank Armor changes:
  - Now has 10% Bullet Protection.
- ‌
- Scrap Armor changes:
  - Now has 25% Bullet Protection.
- ‌
- Chest Armor Points Mod changes:
  - No longer dropped from Bandit Outpost Raid.
  - Increased base AP from 2 to 10.
  - Increased max AP from 40 to 50.
  - Base cost increased from 8 to 10 Perks.
- ‌
- Chest Health Points Mod changes:
  - No longer dropped from Mothena.
  - Increased base HP from 2 to 5.
  - Max level is now capped at 9.
- ‌
- Chainsaw changes:
  - Stamina cost increased from 3 to 6.
- ‌
- Merc's Knee Pads changes:
  - Is now a Utility Wear.
  - Now provides +1 additional hotbar slot.
- ‌
- Brown Belt changes:
  - Is now a Utility Wear.
  - Now provides +2 additional hotbar slots.
-
- Watch is now a Utility Wear.
- Diving Suit is now a Utility Wear.
- Inflatable Buoy is now a Utility Wear.


Full change logs on github!